Bombe 0.3.0
===========

Bombe 0.3.0 continues the Bombe mission, further working towards making a cleaner codebase
that can be used further afield than Lorenz or Survey.

## Changes

- The `bombe-core` module has been renamed to simply `bombe`, becoming more inline with the
  Lorenz modules.
- `Type#isInstanceof` has been renamed to `Type#isAssignableFrom`.

### Inheritance providers

`InheritanceProvider` has been reworked to expose inheritance access levels (represented
by `InheritanceType`) and to improve performance.

- `InheritanceProvider.ClassInfo#getFields` and `getMethods` now return a
  `Map<*Signature, InheritanceType>` that allows checking if a child class actually inherits
  a member from its parent class based on its access level.
- `InheritanceProvider.ClassInfo#provideParents` is a shortcut to provide `ClassInfo`s for all
  parent classes/interfaces for a class, recursively. (Replaces the `getParentsOf` method)
- There is a new `CachingInheritanceProvider` that wraps an existing `InheritanceProvider` and
  caches the request. This replaces the duplicated functionality in all other
  `InheritanceProvider` implementations.
- `ReflectionInheritanceProvider` was added as a reference implementation based on Java's
  reflection API.
  
### Jar Transformation Framework

Bombe now contains a so-called 'jar-file transformation framework', that facilitates the
reading and manipulating of Jar files. The javadocs will be the best reference for it :)

Going forward, this may be moved into a separate library.
